fight cuz that's what I want to do man i
want to make it to the top man don't
really think about too much you know
just let you let your trainers in your
motions on a wild I know this guy wants
to fight me and I'm just gonna bring it
to him my plan is to hurt him and put
him put him away as best I can I'm not
looking to some inner so i might just
plated him on the ground and work to get
back up and do it
we'll learn sleep
he's just stepping in cages just trying
to be a tough guy you know he got
another thing coming you know I'd do
this you know I'm around tough guys all
day put in the effort come to the gym
and put the hours in leave here soaked
in sweat with a bloody nose and a fat
lip that's training